docs: update ts configure module structure (#10270)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/partials/_dagger_module_init.mdx

- `dagger.json` is the [Dagger module configuration file](../configuration/modules.mdx).
- `package.json` manages the module dependencies.
- `src/` is where your Dagger module code goes. It contains sample code to help you get started.
- `sdk/` contains the bundled TypeScript SDK.

For examples of modules written in Typescript, see [Daggerverse Modules in Typescript](https://daggerverse.dev/search?sdk=typescript).

> <a id="ts-configure-sdk-origin"></a>

Reviewer: I suggest moving this section under https://docs.dagger.io/configuration/modules#typescript as it is related to configuration and if you agree, also updating the link in the `module-structure.mdx` page

Author: Totally agree!

Author: Updated :)

> **Configure the SDK origin**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bundled or vendored SDK
```

By default, the SDK is installed as a bundled local dependency, so all SDK related dependencies are already pre-bundled in the module's code

> and it doesn't add extra dependencie to the module's `package.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and no extra dependencies are added to the module's `package.json` file.
```

> The `tsconfig.json` is configured to import the bundled SDK from the `sdk` directory and correctly maps imports paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tsconfig.json` is configured to import the bundled SDK from the `sdk` directory and correctly map imports paths:
```

```json
{
    "paths": {
      "@dagger.io/dagger": ["./sdk/index.ts"],
      "@dagger.io/dagger/telemetry": ["./sdk/telemetry.ts"]
    }
}
```

> The bundled SDK ensure better performances and compatibility with all the runtime without conflicting with the module's own dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bundled SDK ensures better performance and compatibility with all the runtimes, without conflicting with the module's own dependencies.
```

However, you can also configure the SDK as a local vendored dependency:

```shell
# Cleanup the current SDK module's directory
rm -rf ./sdk 

# Add `@dagger.io/dagger` as a local dependency
npm pkg set "dependencies[@dagger.io/dagger]=./sdk"

# Re generate the module's directory
dagger develop
```

> This will generate a new `sdk` directory with the SDK as a vendored library and will update the `tsconfig.json` with the new imports paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a new `sdk` directory with the SDK as a vendored library and will update the `tsconfig.json` with the new import paths.
```

```json
{
    "paths": {
      "@dagger.io/dagger": ["./sdk/src"],
      "@dagger.io/dagger/telemetry": ["./sdk/src/telemetry"]
    }
}
```

This may be useful if you share common dependencies between your module and the Dagger Engine but it will impact

> performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance.
```

> The migrate from the local vendored SDK dependency to the bundle SDK, you need to run the opposite commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate from the local vendored SDK dependency to the bundled SDK, run the commands in reverse order:
```
